can I tell you something that I
shouldn't tell you I know she'd you I
don't know can i well I don't know how
do I Georgia sent me a script really yes
she wanted to get another opinion on it
before she spoke to you but she thinks
it's incredible what do you think oh
Sorry Sorry
stop meeting she's always with you in a
second
yes that's fine that's fine
oh I hate this bloody machine why can't
we go back to cut some strings I'm
asking you why can't we go back to cuts
and strings yes whatever you want David
sorry I didn't realize you were joining
us well would have somehow lessen the
impact wouldn't it yes absolutely
you bring your hair extensions I see Oh
Michael
Judy are those extensions too no no this
this is all me mm-hmm well I've been
talking to your director Simon yes he's
a lovely boy he's lovely yeah he's a tad
ineffectual ineffectual yes ambitious
oh absolutely a like a
well-meaning moth that keeps bumping
into the wrong lightbulb
he tells me you're not playing nicely
whoa been a tough few weeks he's not
right
yeah we've been through a lot then we
have this play so I've been told
and you've fallen out of love with it
Wow it's lost its luster yeah is it a
comedy no it's Italian oh we can Ian any
of you speak Italian yeah Michael duh
who do you Michael I don't perhaps you
should have said no I suggested that
yeah perhaps we should I was torn to yes
what it would have saved a lot of
trouble but you always say that actors
shouldn't see no because then people
will stop asking you yes yes I do say
that well you don't mean it
certainly not Oh what do you think
people are ever gonna stop asking me I
suppose not no no matter how often I say
no they never do they keep on and on do
this do that
Claire Queen Claire spy Blair cat do you
know how tiring it is to be everyone's
first
choice for every bloody role I do know
Michael you don't know we're told in
this industry to expect rejection now
some of us are fortunate enough to reach
the level where we have to mete out the
rejection that's not an easy
responsibility either are you saying we
should have said no I'm saying that the
responsibility of saying yes or no lies
squarely with you as does your behavior
afterwards you said yes yes yes then
stop about we're actors when we
say yes we do the bloody job
[Music]